---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: A short synopsis of Elijah Samuels.
datePublished: '2015-12-12T21:10:12.545Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-12T21:08:12.807Z'
title: About
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-12-about.md
published: true
url: about/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
Elijah Samuels is a Denver based saxophonist, composer and educator. He also performs regularly on flutes, clarinets and oboe.

Elijah has studied with Ernie Small, Bennett Friedman, Andrew Speight, Robert Busan, John Calloway, Jim McNeely, David Liebman, Phil Markowitz, Steve Slagle, Eric Gunnison, Art Bouton and Dave Hanson.

In 2007\. he graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Music with emphasis in Music Education from San Francisco State University. In 2010, he was accepted into the Manhattan School of Music and moved to New York City. He then transferred to the Lamont School of Music at the University of Denver as a graduate teaching assistant where he directed the University Jazz Ensemble and taught applied saxophone.

Elijah has performed and/or recorded with Jerry Rivera, Ramon Sanchez, José 'El Canario' Alberto, John Calloway, Wayne Wallace, Doug Beavers, John Santos, Nelson Rangell, Dennis DeBlasio, Brad Goode, Rob Thomas (Matchbox Twenty), Ryan Tedder and OneRepublic. He can be found performing in groups and venues ranging in styles such as the Colorado Jazz Repertory Orchestra & Adam Bartczak Republic at Dazzle to musical theatre orchestras at the Denver Center for the Performing Arts. He has also composed and arranged music for string quartet, saxophone quartet, big band and studio orchestra.

Along with his private studio, Elijah also teaches at University of Colorado Denver as the woodwind instructor and at Kent Denver School as the jazz ensemble director.